Attention, everyone,
a bomb was just found on a bus
in Downtown Brooklyn.
Oh, my God, a bomb on a bus.
It's a Speed? I get to work a Speed?
That sentence is nonsensical.
One can work with speed,
but one certainly cannot work a speed.
Speed is a movie.
I won't let you ruin this!
Really never seen Speed, sir?
Keanu Reeves, Sandy Bullock,
Jeff Daniels at the height
of his sexual powers?
Can we please just focus!
The bomb could go off at any moment.
Actually, it can't.
It's already been defused.
Oh, well, there's still
a bomber on the loose.
You can't ruin this!
All right, tell me about the bus.
Was it headed to the courthouse?
It wasn't an MTA bus. It was that.
A Marvelous Mrs. Maisel tour bus.
No, you're not ruining this!
Has anyone heard from the bomber?
Has he made any demands?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Special Agent Feingold, FBI.
This is our case. You're not a part of it.
Oh, man! You ruined it!
[upbeat music plays]
♪♪
Agent Feingold, our guys
were on the scene first.
We're not gonna let you take the case.
Tell him, sir.
We're letting you take the case.
What? But I said that so cool!
They're the feds. They have jurisdiction.
Agent Feingold, call me
if you need anything.
Sorry, guy, guess you're just gonna have
to let the big boys handle it.
Please just let us help you.
This is an all-hands-on-deck situation.
I could be a good resource.
Here, watch this.
-What's up, Officer Marzipan?
-Oh, hey.
You're gonna want that kind of shorthand
with Marzipan if you
want to catch this guy.
We don't need all hands on deck.
The bomb was rigged
with a chintzy four dollar watch
-set to explode at 12:00 a.m.
-Midnight?
But there wouldn't be anybody on it.
Yeah, the idiot clearly meant
to set it for noon.
We're not dealing with a mastermind here.
I'm sure there's prints all over the place
I don't know-- I've just got a gut feeling
-there's more to this.
-Oh, a gut feeling?
You know what your gut tells
you to do most of the time?
Take a dump.
And you just took a big one
all over yourself.
Okay, well, I don't have
a comeback for that,
so I'm just gonna go.
[sniffs] Agent Feingold.
Scully, it's our favorite time of year.
Cagney and Lacey's
annual school candy drive!
I took the liberty of duplicating
your order from last year.
Simply sign at the X,
and I'll get it placed for you.
Oh, about that, I don't know
if I'm gonna buy anything
from you this year.
What?
But we've been in business
together since pre-K.
I know, but there's someone else.
Someone else?
It's not you. It's me.
My taste in candy changed.
Look, everyone goes through rough patches,
but we can't give up.
You owe it to Cagney and Lacey.
Please don't bring the kids into this.
The kids are a part of it
whether you like it or not.
Who are you buying from? Tell me, now!
The other man is me.
Nikolaj is selling candy this year, too.
You're cheating on me with Boyle?
Oh, there she is, my archnemesis.
You're a cop, O'Sullivan.
shouldn't your archnemesis be a criminal?
-No.
-Okay, what do you want?
Well, I came here to reach a truce
with you over your
pilot program that persecutes
the uniformed officers in my union.
Its aim is to reduce
instances in which armed cops
are needlessly interacting with civilians.
It could save lives and restore
trust with the community.
That's persecution, plain and simple.
But I don't want to fight with you.
I'd rather be civilized
and reach some common ground
-over a drink.
-It's the middle of the day.
Well, that's how business
gets done in the real world.
Look, I'm not changing the pilot program.
Okay, have it your way,
but I got to say,
you're going to be sorry.
Are you threatening me?
No, I'm informing you
that I hold a lot of power,
and unless you're willing
to play ball with me,
I will wield said power against you.
Again, not a threat,
but go ahead
and change your mind, or else.
All the best.
So you lost a Speed. That sucks.
At least you didn't have
a Sister Act taken from you.
Bracco confessed.
The undercover operation is over.
But I just got a spot in the choir.
Wait, is that the real reason
you left the force?
-It didn't help.
-Right.
Look, I don't care that I lost a Speed.
I care that the FBI is not
taking the case seriously.
They think the bomber is just some idiot,
but what if he's not an idiot?
What if he wanted it
to go off at midnight?
Oh, my God.
He wanted it to go off at midnight.
Why? Wouldn't it just be
an empty parking lot with nobody in it?
Yeah, but there could be a target there,
which he would try to hit again.
There's gonna be a second bomb,
just like in Speed!
[gasps] I've got a Speed again!
I thought you said you didn't
care about it being a Speed.
Of course, I care about it being a Speed!
That's all I care about! I've got to go!
-You owe me money for this.
-[Jake] Good one, Rosa!
[mysterious music plays]
♪♪
-Hi.
-[Amy] Hey.
I just got home. Where are you?
Sorry, I'm checking out the lot
where the bus parks at night.
Ugh, but Holt told you not to.
He's gonna be pissed when he finds out.
Not when I bust the bomber.
Marzipan gave me the lot's address.
He's actually helping me out
because of our intimate shorthand.
You know, Marzipan's kind of a bad dude.
We're desperately trying to fire him.
No, I did not know that!
Why didn't anyone tell me that
before I pretended to be friends with him?
Well, looky here.
-What?
-Guess what's next to the lot.
An IRS building.
That has to be the target.
Jake, you should call the feds.
No, they won't even care.
I need more proof.
♪♪
I got to call you back. Hey.
-Hey.
-NYPD.
Mind if I ask you a couple of questions?
Wait, no, stop! Ugh.
[suspenseful music plays]
♪♪
Hey, there.
Uh-oh, I know that strut.
Little hip swing, playful butt bounce--
somebody made a collar!
Not loving you talking
about my butt bounce,
but, also, hell, yeah,
someone collared a big dog!
Woof, woof!
Peralta, you made an arrest
in the bus bombing?
Yes, look, I know
that I was told to back off,
but something just didn't sit right,
so I went back up there,
and I caught the guy.
He was snooping around.
Now, he's not talking yet--
-Because he didn't do it.
-What?
The feds already solved the case.
There were prints on the bomb,
which led to a suspect
who confessed immediately.
Well, why didn't anyone tell me that?
'Cause they didn't have to
because it's not your case.
So I arrested an innocent person?
Yes.
Oh…
that's not okay.
Uncool, uncool, uncool, uncool,
uncool, uncool, uncool, uncool, uncool.
Are you saying cool or uncool?
Uncool. It's just hard to say
it fast, but this is bad!
-Peralta, we need to talk.
-I know.
You're not mad. You're just disappointed.
I'm actually both mad and disappointed.
What? You can't be both!
You are either Mad Dad
or Sad Dad-- pick a lane.
All right, look, I know that
I brought in the wrong guy,
but I'm telling you,
something doesn't add up,
and for what it's worth,
I made sure he was let out
as soon as I knew what was going on.
He was in processing for ten hours,
which made him late for work,
which meant he got fired.
He's suing you and the department
for wrongful arrest.
I'm gonna have to suspend you.
Ugh, okay, this is really bad,
-and I'm sor--
-Stop talking.
What's going on here?
Were you about to say the S word?
The S word? "Sorry"?
Oh, good God, don't say it out loud, man!
Why are you here, O'Sullivan?
Peralta isn't even
in the patrolman's union.
I'm here to protect Marzipan.
He and Peralta
worked very closely together
-on this one.
-Seriously, Peralta, Marzipan?
With all the open I.A.
investigations against him?
I've met him, like, one time.
I don't even know his first name.
His name is David. David Duke Marzipan.
David Duke Marzipan?
Hey, don't you go profiling him
for what he changed his name to.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
You can if it's written by David Duke.
Look, Peralta made a mistake--
Holy crap, you didn't use
the M word, did you?
-No.
-Oh, thank God.
Because the M word
is just about the worst thing
you can say if you're a cop.
Besides, the real point here is,
what was the perp doing
snooping around a bus lot at night?
The victim cuts through that lot
on his way home when it's open,
and it was open because
Peralta picked the lock.
What a bunch of bunk.
Why'd the perp run away unless
he was guilty of something?
Because he was understandably scared
of interacting with a cop.
I see-- well, that excuse hasn't worked
in the last 15 cases against Marzipan,
and I don't think it'll work now.
15?
Peralta, I can make all of this disappear.
That's what the police union does.
But you got to play ball with me, son.
What do you say?
Sir, can I speak with you
in private, please?
I just had an epiphany.
That you're fallible
and you made an M word.
Absolutely not.
This whole thing is a setup!
♪ Oh, who could take a sunrise ♪
♪ Sprinkle it with dew ♪ [laughs]
♪ Cover it in chocolate ♪
♪ And a miracle or two? ♪
♪ The candy man can ♪
Wow, so you're just gonna do your business
all out in the open
like some common candy ho?
-You're just jealous.
-Boyle, where's my candy?
-What?
-The box is full of sand.
Or maybe it's sugar.
[spits] Oh, it's not sugar.
It's sand. Is this some sort of sick joke?
There was candy in there earlier.
-Maybe it fell out?
-I don't want excuses, bitch!
I want my candy!
The vending machine is broken,
and you're my only snack source.
He doesn't have to be.
I still have your purchase order.
You. You did this.
Please, I would never do
something that childish,
and you would know that if you
weren't a big, stinky dumb-dumb
who smelled like butts.
Okay, so here's what I'm thinking.
The union set me up. Think about it.
O'Sullivan told Amy if she
didn't drop her pilot program,
"she'd be sorry," and now suddenly,
I'm being threatened with suspension?
Sure, but he threatened her, not you.
We're married. We're a team.
Really? What about when I wanted
to run a half marathon together
and you told me to rot in hell?
That was clearly a playful joke.
So will you run the half marathon with me?
No, I would die!
Look, O'Sullivan said he could
make my suspension go away
if just "played ball."
He's clearly trying to get me
to lean on you to kill your program.
This doesn't sound like a setup.
O'Sullivan didn't make you
arrest an innocent man.
Or did he? Think about it.
Marzipan, who I never liked, by the way,
was the one who gave me
the address to the bus lot.
I think he and O'Sullivan made sure
there was a "suspect" there
for me to arrest.
You think the victim was a plant?
I didn't believe it either
until I checked the guy's file.
Guess what he does for a living?
Actor. Huh?
-Come on, sir, you hate actors!
-I don't hate actors.
I hate colleges
that award diplomas for acting.
I mean, I wouldn't put it past O'Sullivan.
He is desperate to kill
our reform program.
True, he tried to blackmail me before.
If you don't give me what I want,
I will release proof
that you are a homosexual.
-I came out 30 years ago.
-Ah, you're impossible.
So you agree it was a setup.
I have your unbridled support?
My support is extremely bridled.
You have circumstantial evidence at best.
All right, then I guess
we just have to prove it.
Absolutely not.
You can't investigate your accuser.
It's retaliation.
Which is why the investigation will focus
only on O'Sullivan and be led
by someone from the outside.
A friend, a confidant, a--
-Diaz.
-Yes.
Damn it, you kind of stepped
on the dramatic entrance
we had planned, and you threw off our…
-Me.
-Timing.
The point is Amy and Rosa
will head up the investigation,
and the entrance worked perfectly.
Interesting, you two are sure
you want to be involved with this?
Investigating O'Sullivan?
Yeah, that dude sucks.
He tried to blackmail me.
If you don't stop harassing my officers,
I will release proof
that you are bisexual.
-Already came out.
-Oh, come on.
You can't blackmail anyone anymore.
Okay, so here's the plan.
O'Sullivan likes to do deals over drinks.
So I invite him to Shaw's
and order us a couple beers.
I nod along as he talks
about how surprisingly cool his mom is.
Order more beers.
I also nod along as he talks
about how horrible his ex-wife is.
Order more beers.
I also nod along as he kind of implies
he wishes his mom was his wife.
Nobody spoons like my mom.
But I'm not the only one
who's one listening.
O'Sullivan's a blowhard,
so he just needs a little push.
Get him drunk enough,
eventually he'll just come out
and admit that he set Jake up.
The plan is flawless.
So there's one flaw with my plan.
O'Sullivan isn't even buzzed,
and you're totally hammered?
I'm so hammered!
Pizza delivery for Jake Peralta.
Oh, that's me.
I didn't order a pizza, though.
Someone must know
I've been having a hard day.
-You've been served.
-What? Come on!
[Hitchcock] Been there, brother.
What did you get served?
Oh, you.
I'm being sued for wrongful arrest.
No, I don't care about that.
I'm talking pizza toppings.
The District Court does a great pepperoni.
You know what?
Why are you even talking to me?
Scully's taking a nap.
What are you doing on there?
I miss my old role in the Nine-Nine--
Hitchcock, the wise sage,
always helping people
through their troubles.
That was never your role. Wait a minute.
This address.
The guy said he lived up by the bus lot
and that's why he was cutting through,
but according to this,
his address isn't anywhere near that lot.
He lied. This is huge.
I got to call Amy and Rosa.
And that is why Kristy and the Snobs
is the best Baby-Sitters Club Book ever.
Hey, we should go fly-fishing sometimes.
That's never gonna happen.
We need to sober you up
and get you back out there.
Coffee and carbs usually work,
so here's what we're gonna to do.
Ow! Rosa! What about the carbs?
That was a misdirection. Carbs never work.
-Slapping's the only way.
-Oh, I think it worked.
And I just want to say, what makes
Kristy and the Snobs
so good is the snobs.
Their names are Tiffany and Shannon,
and they laugh at Louie
even though he's going blind,
-which is so sad.
-Okay.
I'm calling Holt. This is a failure.
No, wait, wait. I have an idea.
Oh, I bet it's great.
Okay, you know how guys like O'Sullivan,
they think we all look the same, right?
So you dress as Amy. You take my place.
And, oh, my God!
Is nine-drink Amy a genius?
That's never gonna work.
You just need to sober up
and get back out there.
-Oh, you're on the floor.
-[exhales deeply]
-What's going on here?
-Uh, nothing.
Nothing?
I distinctly remember you saying
we were moving on to shots.
And yet you bring us more beers?
You got to do a better job
than that, Santiago.
Right, right, I guess we'll
just have to shoot these, then.
Yes, we will!
♪ Sugar ♪
[hums melody]
♪ Oh, Scully, Scully ♪
♪ You are my candy friend ♪
Boring! No costume change much?
What the heck? This isn't my order.
What, did they give you sour straws
instead of sour ropes?
I specifically said--
No, it's just apples!
Terry, you sick son of a bitch.
I didn't do it! Boyle must have!
I would never do that.
This is just what happens
when you order candy
from a candy child and not a candy man.
I'll show you a candy man.
Hey, what the hell?
Oh, you picked the wrong guy
to get in an apple fight with.
Why is that?
Because I was MVP
of my fast-pitch softball summer camp.
Wow, I'm so scared--
Oh!
Ow.
There you are.
I found proof that this was a setup.
Look, the victim lied about his address.
-Zip!
-What's that?
That's the sound of your bridle unzipping.
Unbridled support from earlier?
You don't know what a bridle is, do you?
I do not. We're getting sidetracked.
Once I realized he was lying,
I looked at his social media.
He starts rehearsals for a rock musical
in Florida on Monday.
That tracks. Theater like
that belongs in the swamps.
Well, yeah, obviously, I can't disagree,
but the point is
we're running out of time.
I should tail him and figure out
what he's up to before he skips town.
You'll do no such thing. We have a plan.
Santiago and Diaz are with O'Sullivan.
-They have it under control.
-Are you sure?
'Cause I keep calling them,
and they're not answering.
Have faith in them. They're professionals.
I'm so drunk.
He's had 14 beers,
and he's not even slurring his words.
Well, I feel better.
I had some floor pretzels.
Let's switch places again.
Yes, two of us can outdrink
that son of a bitch.
Here's to you, Santiago.
All the best, bottoms up.
Whoa, Nelly!
[upbeat music plays]
♪♪
Here's to you.
[laughter] How about it?
♪♪
Well, now, what the hell am I looking at?
[both] Nothing.
Oops.
You're drunk, and you're seeing double.
Oh, give me a break.
You can't really think I'm that stupid.
I mean, we've been switching places
for the last two hours,
and you didn't notice, so…
That's 'cause I don't look at women's eyes
when I'm talking to 'em.
-Now, what's going on?
-You set up my husband!
You're using him to blackmail me
into dropping police reform.
We're getting you drunk
so you can admit it.
I'm not blackmailing Jake.
When I blackmail somebody, you'll know it.
I own my blackmailing.
Then what did you mean
when you said I'd be sorry
if I didn't drop police reform?
I was talking about taking your snacks.
-Huh?
-Oh, come on.
Who do you think broke the vending machine
that got Detective Flat Top all riled up,
stole Detective Little Guy's
candy shipment,
and swapped out
Sergeant Muscle Guy's candy
for seasonal fruit?
-Your people.
-Bingo.
And it's driving your guys crazy.
Now, if your precinct would
like to get their candy back.
I'd be willing to negotiate.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So when you told Jake you could
get him out of his suspension,
that wasn't blackmail?
If I am passionate about one thing,
it's getting cops off without punishment.
How dare you turn that
into something dirty?
Shame on the both of you.
Oh, we got to call Jake.
[soft dramatic music plays]
Where is he?
♪♪
[camera shutter clicks]
Got ya.
-[telephone rings]
-This is Captain Holt.
Oh, hello, Captain. It's Amy Santiag-ago.
-Sergeant, are you drunk?
-Oh, he thinks I'm drunk.
-What do I do?
-Uh, British accent.
Smart. That'll fool him.
[Cockney accent] Yes, sir, quite drunk.
Wankered, really.
What did you learn?
Did O'Sullivan set up Peralta?
No, he didn't.
Me husband wasn't set up at all.
-He wasn't, but me big problem now…
-[whispers] You're killin' it.
…is that me husband
can't be reached by me telly.
Please stop talking like that.
-Okay.
-Peralta wanted to tail the victim.
I forbade him, but I bet he did it anyway.
I'll text you the address.
[normal voice] Oh.
We got to stop Jake.
How? We're too drunk to drive.
True, but we're not too drunk to pedal.
[bell dinging]
Jake, oh, thank God we found you in time.
-We?
-Me and Rosa, duh.
-Rosa's not with you.
-Right.
I lost her when she rode down
the stairs to the subway.
[laughing] It was so funny!
Okay, just shh, 'cause my guy is in there.
By the way, I really like that hat.
You look like a little narc.
-And you enjoy that?
-Oh, yeah.
-Okay.
-But that's not why I'm here.
O'Sullivan didn't set you up.
Wait, what? Are you sure?
Yeah, all O'Sullivan did was
mess with the vending machine
and Scully's candy.
That was his blackmail.
Okay. Wow, okay, that's bad.
That guy's innocent, and I arrested him,
and now I'm tailing him.
I know! Let's just go "herm"!
Jake! Jake!
Hey, Jake, you're following
an innocent man!
[rock music plays]
[Amy gasps]
Hey, man.
What are you doing here?
What a weird coincidence.
[Cockney accent] Do a British accent.
Hey, Lieutenant, I think we should talk.
How you doing?
Oh, no, I'm so sorry.
Sir, I want to apologize.
[muffled speech]
Okay, I have no idea what you're saying.
Look, I know the union set us up,
but we let it happen.
Your friendship means the world to me,
and I would hate for it to be destroyed
by a competition to sell more candy.
Me too.
You guys are selling candy?
There's nothing good here.
Could one of you ship to Brazil?
[both chuckling]
Oh! You sneaky son of a bitch!
We're adding intimidation
to the charges against you.
I know, you're both mad and disappointed.
I'm neither. I'm displeased.
-Is that worse?
-Yes.
Of my 16 potential reactions,
only one is stronger,
and you should be thankful
you've never seen me huffy.
Well, you have every right to be.
I know I messed up.
I just never imagined myself as someone
who would make a mistake like that,
and then I just made it worse, you know?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are you doing?
Learning a lesson?
You don't have any lessons to learn.
You didn't do anything wrong.
-What do you want, O'Sullivan?
-This is Mel Jenkins,
city attorney in charge
of payoffs and bribes.
Uh, not my title. I handle tort claims.
Whatever. Mel and I just had
ourselves a little chat
-over morning drinks.
-More drinks?
Relax, it was just
a couple of breakfast beers.
So the department is going to settle
without admitting any wrongdoing,
and because the facts of the
case will remain unresolved,
there will be no suspension
for Marzipan or Peralta.
How's that possible?
Peralta arrested
and harassed an innocent man.
Come on, now, these are cops.
They got to make split-second decisions
in life-or-death situations,
and they can't be expected
to get that 100% correct
every single time.
This was not a life-or-death situation.
Sure, but next time it might be.
And how can this one
be expected to do his job
when he knows that any
teeny-tiny lapse in judgment
could end with you
branding him a dirty cop
and ruining his life?
Oh, I've never seen this face before.
Wait, is that--
Yes, he's made me huffy.
Do you know what happens when you refuse
to punish cops for their mistakes,
when police are treated
as a separate class
of citizen above the law?
It breeds a lack of trust
in the community,
and that lack of trust
means people won't help us
with our investigations or testify
or even call us when they're in danger.
It makes them more scared of us
than of criminals and gangsters.
It makes them run when we approach,
even though they've done nothing wrong.
It makes the people see us as the enemy,
which leads to more confrontation,
more distrust.
You wonder how Peralta can do his job
when he's held accountable
for his actions?
I wonder how any of us
can do our job if he's not.
What a bunch of bunk.
The city's gonna settle.
There are not gonna be any suspensions.
-Take the win.
-Wait.
What if I admit I made
an error and apologize?
He is speaking hypothetically.
You'll notice he never used the S word
and he never used the M word.
I'm sorry. I made a mistake.
Holy [bleep]!
Let the record show
that he didn't say anything specific.
I arrested a man without
a sufficient probable cause
in a case I was removed from.
He has no idea what he's talking about.
I then followed my victim to his home…
Now's a good time for us to leave.
…in an act that could only
be seen as police intimidation.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
I take full responsibility for my mistake,
and I'm willing to say
as much in a court of law.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
And what's more, I'm very, very sorry!
Yeah, he has to be suspended.
I'm sorry.
Ah, don't you start.
Wow.
That was amazing. We beat him.
I can't believe it
actually worked out okay.
You're suspended for five months.
Right, I know.
But I deserve it.
And I learned a valuable lesson
from all this,
so I'm counting it as a win.
I get that, Peralta,
but things will be a lot better
when a man doesn't have to lose his job
for you to learn a lesson.
Yeah, fair enough. Thank you, sir.
It was crazy when you got huffy.
-I was so huffy.
-I got scared.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
-Not a doctor.
-Shh.